Shortly after the characters find Renaer, a captain of the City Watch named Hyustus Staget (LG male Illuskan human [veteran](https://5e.tools/bestiary.html#veteran_mm)) leads a dozen [veterans](https://5e.tools/bestiary.html#veteran_mm) to the warehouse. Having received a report of suspicious activity, they barge in and try to prevent anyone from leaving. Kenku that are still alive and present are taken into custody, and it doesn't take long for the City Watch to conclude that the dead men are members of the Zhentarim and the Xanathar Guild, since violent encounters between the two factions are becoming ever more frequent. While his constables search the warehouse, Captain Staget questions the characters.

Staget and Renaer recognize each other, though they aren't well acquainted. The involvement of a Neverember noble prompts the captain to be on his best behavior. He is prepared to overlook any crimes committed by the characters as long as Renaer is with them, but he gives them a folded sheet of parchment with the Code Legal written on it and encourages them to read it.

If the characters ask for the Watch's help in locating Floon, Staget makes it clear that he won't send a force into the sewers in search of someone who might well be a Zhent or Xanathar Guild spy. If they appear intent on involving themselves further in the conflict between the Zhentarim and the Xanathar Guild, Staget imparts some free advice before letting them go:

- "Best not to meddle in criminal matters. Leave this dirty business to the City Watch."
- "Not all City Watch officers are as nice as me."
- "Keep the blood off the streets, okay?" (This is a common saying among City Watch officials, who care more about what happens in the city above than what happens in the sewers below.)

Characters who stir up trouble in the Dock Ward are likely to run into Captain Staget again. Though he is secretly pleased to have adventurers doing some of his work for him, he can't let them overshadow his own efforts to keep the peace without risking a reprimand from his superiors.