At this point, the characters likely know that Floon was kidnapped by Xanathar Guild members who mistook him for [[Renaer Neverember]], and that he was taken to a hideout in the sewers.

If the characters didn't learn from the kenku where Floon was taken, asking questions of the locals can reveal that many people saw him being dragged off.

> [!success] DC 11 Wisdom (Survival)
> The party tracks the Xanatharians out from the warehouse, through the yard on the lower level, and to the sewer a half block away down the alley. 

# Navigating the Sewers
The sewers have no natural light. Characters without darkvision need light sources to see.

> [!quote] Dungeon Master
> A putrid stream flows along this sewer tunnel, which leads in two directions. In one direction, you see a tiny symbol drawn on the wall in yellow chalk: a palm-sized circle with ten equidistant spokes radiating out from its circumference.


Once in the sewers, it requires three successful DC 13 Wisdom (Survival) checks. On a failure, the PCs waste considerable time needing to backtrack and pick up the trail. If the PCs fail the test three times, they’ve wasted too much time: When they arrive at the hideout, they find it abandoned except for the goblin watchers in Q2 and Zemk, the usual keeper of the hideout, in Q5. Floon’s dead body lies in Q7. (Zemk will toss it into the sewer later in the day when he gets around to it.)

However, each time the PCs roll a tracking check, whether it’s successful or not, they can also make a DC 13 Wisdom (Perception) test to notice the guildsign (see below).
## Guildsign
Symbols scrawled in yellow chalk—a stylized representation of Xanathar—is marked at each tunnel intersection in the sewers, indicating the path which should be followed by the direction the main eye is looking. Once the PCs are aware of the guildsign, they can simply follow it back to the hideout.
## Gazer Guard

Before arriving at the Xanathar Guild hideout, the characters have an encounter in the sewers:

> [!quote] Dungeon Master
> After an hour of following signs through the tunnels, you come to a three-way intersection where a ladder leads up into a stone shaft capped by a circular metal cover. One of the familiar chalk symbols is marked on a wall nearby, and floating near the symbol is a spherical, grapefruit-sized creature with a bulging central eye and four stumpy eyestalks. It bares its teeth at you.

A hostile [gazer](https://5e.tools/bestiary.html#gazer_vgm) (see [appendix B](https://5e.tools/adventure.html#WDH,12)) that is in league with [Grum'shar](https://5e.tools/bestiary.html#grum'shar_wdh), the local Xanathar Guild boss, guards this intersection. Once the characters defeat it, they can press on, following the corridor where the chalk symbol is located; they reach the hideout after following the correct tunnel for 5 minutes.

### Ladder
Characters who climb the ladder and push open the metal cover find themselves in the cellar of the Spouting Fish, a tavern in the Dock Ward.

