Volo is drinking alone in the Yawning Portal while anxiously awaiting news of Floon's fate. He springs up and runs to embrace the characters and his friend as soon as he sees them.

If the characters reunite Volo with Floon, Volo gives them a rather sheepish look as he explains their reward:

> [!quote] Volothamp Geddarm
> "I confess that I have but few coins to spare. But never let it be said that Volo reneges on a promise. Allow me to present something much more valuable." He holds out a scroll tube. "The deed to a remarkable property here in Waterdeep! We'll need a magistrate to witness the transfer of ownership. I'll arrange a meeting with one after you've inspected the estate and deemed it satisfactory."

The tube contains a deed to Trollskull Manor, a historic building in the North Ward that the characters can claim as a home base. The deed has been notarized and appears legitimate (because it is). Volo recently bought the property because it is rumored to be haunted, and he was hoping that investigating it might yield a chapter for his next book, _Volo's Guide to Spirits and Specters_.

If the characters accept their reward, Volo sets up a meeting with a tiefling magistrate named Kylynne Silmerhelve. The brief session takes place at a courthouse in the Castle Ward at highsun. Magistrate Silmerhelve witnesses the transfer of the deed, rendering the new ownership official, with the impatience of one who has more important matters to attend to. She also collects an estate transfer tax of 25 gp, which is normally paid by the new owners. If the characters can't afford this fee or don't want to pay it and they have befriended [Renaer Neverember](https://5e.tools/bestiary.html#renaer%20neverember_wdh), he makes sure that Volo has a pouch of coins to cover the expense.

# Fine Friends

Volo, Floon, and Renaer all express their gratitude through camaraderie. If the characters need to call upon their new friends for an occasional favor, any of them are happy to oblige. Floon has little to offer the characters, but friendship with Volo and Renaer has its perks.

Volo knows the best places to eat and find merriment. He can also give characters a tour of Waterdeep. If the characters accept his offer, share the information in chapter 9, "Volo's Waterdeep Enchiridion," with the players.

Although Renaer is estranged from his rich and powerful father, he still has friends in high places, including Harpers who can come to the characters' rescue if they need it. If the characters are looking for an audience with influential persons in Waterdeep, Renaer can set up meetings with [Mirt](https://5e.tools/bestiary.html#mirt_wdh), [Remallia Haventree](https://5e.tools/bestiary.html#remallia%20haventree_wdh) (see [appendix B](https://5e.tools/adventure.html#WDH,12) for both), or just about any other Waterdavian noble, if he thinks the characters will comport themselves well.

# Level Advancement
If you're using milestone level advancement instead of tracking experience points, the characters advance from 1st to 2nd level when they return to Volo after having explored the Xanathar Guild hideout.